preference here.
We're going to see how to install python only word limits or any UNIX like systems for
installing required.
Fight on on Lennox.
See why I am saying installing required fight on online X.
Because if you go with anyone of the UNIX like systems,
most of the UNIX like systems are already configured with any one of the pipe on Washington
.
Based on the release off your line external.
Right now,
let me weapon might ways.
So this is Lennox.
Or more specifically,
it is.
I'm Agent Lennox.
Okay?
And it is released in total tonight.
In much no,
if I run simply said,
fight on Haifa Knife on Russian,
You're getting some fight on two awards honored 16 means these their default washing for
this Lennox.
And you can also how you are big portion as well.
I mean,
people is also configured so binding for most of the UNIX like systems are configured with
your python on.
You may get that washing.
Maybe to start off.
I oughta write seven out around six.
Whatever it may be based on when it was released.
I mean,
your Lennox when it was released on,
but here I need some treated explosion.
Suppose,
let's say $3 7 Giorgio I need on this host on your Lennox.
So,
guys,
first of all before going to install your required python Washington on you are any UNIX
like systems Don't disturb existing python because you are a young command really depends
on your python or some operated some operations on your UNIX like systems really depends on
your python.
That's why don't be stopped The existing fight on Washington I mean my nobody for going to
install any new python Don't take name as fight on nature of that fight on,
let's say fight on expert on why something like that or bite on three in that we just take
the name for your fight on software,
Right?
So in the very heart install first let me and then into route because I have toe install
this Pitre So I should be the root user are you can also run from any user for that You
should have some group villages so injured off all confusions First I entered into route No
,
I am the root user right now you have some steps against very simple steps.
Let me go with very first step.
See?
Let me open your official website.
Fight on dot org.
No.
So,
you know,
biting for you.
How some don't or tap Then there you can see view fully.
Stuff don't loads.
And here you can select your required operating system.
I'm going to work with UNIX like systems.
Then simply.
I'm clicking on Lennox whore UNIX No CEO latest religious.
But I need support 3.7 or Jiro,
let me go and see somewhere my $3 sound original here.
I'm having my $3 Ono Jiro.
All right,
so let me don't know your source a tar ball.
So to download that on your next,
like systems from command line off your UNIX like systems you condone lure.
So for that,
just don't copy the link location off your required fight on software.
I cooperated the link location.
Now go to here on first check whether w get command is there or not?
If it is not death,
just simply run.
So,
um,
install.
Lovely.
Get I already there.
That's right.
It's not It is not installing.
Then let me under it Any location.
So I'm wondering,
to root or pretty So there I am Goingto don't Lord my Why don't software bite on tar source
?
Well,
like under that?
No.
See that?
Just know you don't order.
You're required.
Fight on package.
No,
you are extracted.
Right?
So to extract that,
simply use thought I fund explains that F so here we forward both.
You can see the information while extracting.
That's it.
Right now you help.
You would expect her prankish.
No,
you can go and install your python.
But before going to install your fight on right?
Actually,
this is a source file,
you know,
to compile.
To compile that you need some compiler on some packages as well.
I mean,
some dependencies unit.
You need to install your python on your host.
So I hold the stuff dependencies,
right.
Just before going to install your bite on Just run this command.
I mean,
I will give this comment on the blow off this video just to go through that Yum.
Install your dizzy.
See?
Openness is a level like all those things will be installed once If you install all these
dependence Is all these packages,
right?
No,
just not getting your extractor directory or extractor fight on package on there.
If you observe,
you have some conficker No run darts Last conficker command first.
So here days basically your doors last conficker you are going to provide to take your
conflagration details.
Along with that,
we can also provide the part where you want to install your python with this option Hyphen
iPhone prefix Then support.
I want to install somewhere User some been location.
Yes,
you can Probably your pop are if you skip this value hyphen iPhone prefix value by default
You're conficker Really install right you are pythons back age Require python under user
local bin In this location by default,
it'll install.
So I want to install in that location only.
That's why I'm not giving any prefix right?
And you can also do some hyphen.
IPhone enable off the mediations,
right?
If you provide this option will take some time so you can take it by providing hyphen
iPhone enable opt imaginations.
But I'm not giving that because it will take some time.
Right?
You can just try are you can also try simply darts.
Last conficker just enter.
So we take some time.
Configure your details on your holes so offered configuration Simply hard to come by your
core.
I mean,
you are whatever that back is,
you don't write that you are to come by.
So for that you need to run a common called make so that you are going to compile your core
,
right?
Yes.
Done.
No.
Let me run,
Make.
And before that other that it is also giving a station called please run dot,
slash conflict iPhone,
iPhone enable up the magicians,
right to give this information.
But anyway,
I'm not running that you can try it.
I now after conflagration just run,
make.
So make is nothing.
But you're going to compile your don't order,
You're ah fight on source score once.
If we compile,
then you can install right?
So now I'm compiling.
So it will take some time again.
You just wait for some time.
So once it is done,
they will go on install.
Still these compiling you are
I don't brackish.
Yes,
your compilation is done.
No,
simply run.
Make so guys,
in case if we all if you don't have any previously installed fight on Washington's than
simply you can done make install but already help fight on washing on.
You don't want to disturb that.
That's why.
Use make old install un end up.
No,
it is going to install a what?
Bite on right Are going to take some time.
Just wait.
So once it is done,
then we will verify you are install fight on Washington.
Just wait.
Done right.
So guys,
I told that by default right,
your python will install under the location off user local bin If you don't provide any
prefix while running your conficker if you don't provide any prefix means very want install
If you don't skip this if you skip this part,
your python will install under this location User,
local bin Just take it a list Life on LRT User local on been See the files what you're
having,
right?
See the date?
July 4th so as off?
No,
we installed these fights.
Now this is your fight on,
right?
And this is your people And see that the name is piped on 3.7 It is not like fight on
because on your UNIX like systems by default,
your UNIX like systems depends on anyone of the fight in Washington On it is there by
default with your operating system.
Now you've seen so many other bite on washings,
right?
Fight on three.
Are you any bite on to also right?
You have to provide some different name Anyway,
we are installing by country on my host holiday.
I hope I don't do that's why by default Python is giving some name.
Fight on three or seven right now you can very for your fight on 3.7.
By entering into this location,
let me enter into user Local bin on Let me provide Dar slash Fight on $3.7 hyphen,
hyphen Abortion.
Right,
So you have now you're fight on washing here some $3.7 dollars zero Nice.
If you observe previously whenever If you run or fight own command wash in.
We are running in this way But here I'm using Dark slash If I don't use darts last See that
?
How you're going to get by dawn $3.7 space hyphen iPhone wash in not come out from this
location on check it Fight on 3.7 space hyphen iPhone wash in another The output,
right.
You're getting your fight on two yards.
Seven worship or which fight on three,
not seven.
User local bin.
Fight on 37 and see that a core dollar part.
See your user.
Local bin is already there in the old system parts.
That's why your python trade or seven is also ableto identified by your operating system.
No,
I don't want to use,
like,
fight on $3 7 I want to use,
fight on three.
Then is there any word called Python three?
No,
you just try to create an softly Let me create.
So where we are,
let me enter into that location.
Know what I'm doing is I'm creating a softly in court.
Ellen iPhone is you are Piketon three,
not seven to simply fight on three.
No,
I can done from anywhere simply fight on three.
That's it,
right?
No.
One more thing.
You hope he had people three for pipe country to manage your packages or models with your
fight on TV How it come And right so but here the name is People treat about 70 people
three or seven.
But I don't want to use in this way.
I mean,
people that are seven I want to use,
like three,
But anyone don't create like people because already people is there with fight on two.
That's why I'm creating three.
Right?
Let me create again.
Softening for this Ellen iPhone is 3.7.
Simply three knots it right now.
Simply three Haifa knife on Russian,
not come out from here.
Our exit from there to root on from anywhere you can run now you are fight on command in
this way.
Fight on only bite on.
Will you bite on cortex Portion on Piketon three.
High fun life on Washington,
will you?
Now your fight on three details the same way Only people's for your fight.
On two now.
Pip trees fourth fight on three.
That's it.
Right.
Okay.
So,
guys,
what are the steps with,
um as off?
No,
right.
All those are these things.
So I will provide all these steps on the Beloff.
This really just to go through that and you can buy seeing them.
You can install your fight on require bite on washing only what UNIX like systems.
So case you know something like open dough in that distribution already you have some fight
on 3.6.
Something like that.
If you want to use that also,
you can use it.
No problem.
Okay.
What are?
Maybe we need some fight on three logics.
But here we installed fight on 3.7.
Nor Jiro,
Right,
Because we're going to work with bite on radar techs on especially.
I'm using python three dot sound or Jiro.
That's why I installed this.
Okay.
Okay,
guys,
thank you for watching this video.